GENIA Project License for Annotated Corpora

1. Copyright of abstracts

Any abstracts contained in this corpus are from PubMed(R), a database
of the U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM).

NLM data are produced by a U.S. Government agency and include works of
the United States Government that are not protected by U.S. copyright
law but may be protected by non-US copyright law, as well as abstracts
originating from publications that may be protected by U.S. copyright
law.

NLM assumes no responsibility or liability associated with use of
copyrighted material, including transmitting, reproducing,
redistributing, or making commercial use of the data. NLM does not
provide legal advice regarding copyright, fair use, or other aspects
of intellectual property rights. Persons contemplating any type of
transmission or reproduction of copyrighted material such as abstracts
are advised to consult legal counsel.

2. Copyright of full texts

Any full texts contained in this corpus are from the PMC Open Access
Subset of PubMed Central (PMC), the U.S. National Institutes of Health
(NIH) free digital archive of biomedical and life sciences journal
literature.

Articles in the PMC Open Access Subset are protected by copyright, but
are made available under a Creative Commons or similar license that
generally allows more liberal redistribution and reuse than a
traditional copyrighted work. Please refer to the license of each
article for specific license terms.

3. Copyright of annotations

The copyrights of annotations created in the GENIA Project of Tsujii
Laboratory, University of Tokyo, belong in their entirety to the GENIA
Project.

4. Licence terms

Use and distribution of abstracts drawn from PubMed is subject to the
PubMed(R) license terms as stated in Clause 1.

Use and distribution of full texts is subject to the license terms
applying to each publication.

Annotations created by the GENIA Project are licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of
this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or
send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900,
Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.

Annotations created by the GENIA Project must be attributed as
detailed in Clause 5.

5. Attribution

The GENIA Project was founded and led by prof. Jun'ichi Tsujii and
the project and its annotation efforts have been coordinated in part
by Nigel Collier, Yuka Tateisi, Sang-Zoo Lee, Tomoko Ohta, Jin-Dong
Kim, and Sampo Pyysalo.

For a complete list of the GENIA Project members and contributors,
please refer to http://www.geniaproject.org.

The GENIA Project has been supported by Grant-in-Aid for Scientific
Research on Priority Area "Genome Information Science" (MEXT, Japan),
Grant-in-Aid for Scientific Research on Priority Area "Systems
Genomics" (MEXT, Japan), Core Research for Evolutional Science &
Technology (CREST) "Information Mobility Project" (JST, Japan),
Solution Oriented Research for Science and Technology (SORST) (JST,
Japan), Genome Network Project (MEXT, Japan) and Grant-in-Aid for
Specially Promoted Research (MEXT, Japan).

Annotations covered by this license must be attributed as follows:

    Corpus annotations (c) GENIA Project

Distributions including annotations covered by this licence must
include this license text and Attribution section.

6. References

- GENIA Project : http://www.geniaproject.org
- PubMed : http://www.pubmed.gov/
- NLM (United States National Library of Medicine) : http://www.nlm.nih.gov/
- MEXT (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) : http://www.mext.go.jp/
- JST (Japan Science and Technology Agency) : http://www.jst.go.jp
